Editorial suggestions (#78)
oauthstuff/draft-selective-disclosure-jwt: main.md

An SD-JWT is a JWT that MUST be signed using the issuer's private key. The
payload of an SD-JWT MUST contain the `sd_digests` and `hash_alg` claims

> described in the following sections, and MAY contain a holder's public key or a reference

Reviewer: I chose "in the following" for being less ambiguous, as "following section" can be read as "go to the next top-level section to read more", but we want to say "in the following subsections", which is an awkward way to word it. Therefore just "in the following". But since this is the second time someone suggests this edit, I'm starting to question my interpretation here....

Reviewer 2: let's just say `in the following subsections` or `in this document` than!

## Unlinkability 

> Colluding issuer/verifier or verifier/verifier pairs could learn undisclosed holder claims by linking 

Reviewer 3: Learning of undisclosed holder claims does not sound like an unlinkability issue. 
In the case of (verifier1+verifier2)-holder1-unlinkability, it is the linking of holder1's presentations (protocol executions) at verifier1 and verifier2. This is the failure of the pairwise pseudonymity property. 

If we want to talk about the uncovering of claims by colluding issuer and verifier, then we probably want to have another section on it, and IMHO, we should have one.

Reviewer 2: I made a suggestion wrt unlinkability text. I agree learning undisclosed holder claims is a separate issue that we should probably have a text about in security considerations, outside of this PR.

Author: I mean claim "values" here, not their type. Linkability can be established on the basis of any correlatable information, which could be any unique value (serial number, signature value, a claim value).

## Unlinkability 

> Colluding issuer/verifier or verifier/verifier pairs could learn undisclosed holder claims by linking 
> issuance/presentation or two presentation sessions on the basis of unique values encoded in the SD-JWT
> (issuer signature, salts, digests, etc.) More advanced cryptographic schemes, outside the scope of
> this specification, can be used to prevent this type of linkability.

Reviewer 2: Happy to approve if the change in line to the one suggested below will be incorporated.

```suggestion
Colluding issuer/verifier or verifier/verifier pairs could link issuance/presentation or two presentation sessions
to the same user on the basis of unique values encoded in the SD-JWT
(issuer signature, salts, digests, etc.). More advanced cryptographic schemes, outside the scope of
this specification, can be used to prevent this type of linkability.
```
